Add contributing section to README.md (#85)
matrix-org/gomatrix: README.md

A Golang Matrix client.

**THIS IS UNDER ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT: BREAKING CHANGES ARE FREQUENT.**

# Contributing

All contributions are greatly appreciated!

## How to report issues

> Obs. it's important to check the current open issues for similar reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check the current open issues for similar reports
```
